Now let us continue, and for instance,
invoke the getName method of our p2 object.
We need another MethodHandle for that.
And to get MethodHandles on methods,
we need to call the findVirtual method from the lookup object.
The class on which this method is to be found is the Person class,
the name of the method is getName,
and the MethodType is the nameGetterMethodType.
Let me create this MethodType same as previously, MethodType.methodType.
This MethodType is a getter, so this time,
the MethodType returns String.class and does not take any argument.
So we do not need to add any further parameter to this method call.
So this findVirtual method call will return another MethodHandle,
let us call it nameGetter, and invoke nameGetter on our Person object.
This should return String holding the name of that object.
Let us print out this name, and indeed James is returned by this method.
So this is how you can get a MethodHandle on a method
that does not take any argument.
Now if we want to do the contrary, create a MethodHandle on setName.
This time, this is the nameSetter, and we are going to call this nameSetter.
MethodType is slightly different,
but still created using the same factory method.
It does not return anything, so void.class,
and do not put Void with a capital V because it will not work.
Take the string as a parameter,
and if we invoke this nameSetter on the Person2 object with the parameter Linda,
for instance, and print out p2 again, we should see that we have changed the name from James to Linda.